{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c10196\c10196\c10196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \
Make sure to read ALL THE INSTRUCTIONS below.  
\f1\b You will need to provide grades for *all* the proposals
\f0\b0 , but are only assigned one as primary and one as secondary, for which you must write reviews. \
\
\
For Monday:   Grades Due by Noon April 29th\
\
 Proposal 1	Primary 	Raph		Secondary 	Allie \
 Proposal 2	Primary 	Charity		Secondary	Massimo		\
 Proposal 3	Primary		Rachael	Secondary	Haowen\
 Proposal 4	Primary		Fengwu		Secondary	Katie\
\
\
For Wednesday:  Grades Due by Noon April 30th\
Proposal 5 	Primary		Katie		Secondary  Charity	\
Proposal 6 	Primary		Allie		Secondary  Fengwu\
Proposal 7 	Primary		Massimo	Secondary  Rachael\
Proposal 8	Primary		Haowen	Secondary  Raph\
\
\
\

\f1\b Responsibilities for Primary and Secondary Reviewers:\'a0
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b *********************************************************************
\f0\b0 \
\
1
\f1\b ) Summarize the main goals of your assigned proposals
\f0\b0 \
- what are they trying to?\'a0\
- why is this science important ?\
\

\f1\b 2) Summarize your opinion of the proposal under two headings:\'a0
\f0\b0 \
What are the strengths?\'a0\
What are the weaknesses?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Examples:\'a0\
-\'a0 Is the\'a0HST/facility usage justified?\'a0\
- Are the Data products clear?\'a0\
- Are the science goals interesting?\'a0\
- Are the science goals clear and well motivated?\'a0\
- what is confusing?\
- is it well-written?\
- will it impact the field? (will the results be useful to the community)\
- are the goals reasonable/do-able?\
\
Assess:\
* The scientific merit of the program and its potential contribution to the advancement of scientific knowledge\
\'95 The program\'92s importance to astronomy in general\
\'95 A demonstration that the unique capabilities of HST/the facility are required to achieve the science goals of the program\
\'95 The extent to which the proposal demonstrates sufficient understanding to assure a thorough analysis of the data\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 3) Prepare to talk about it
\f0\b0 \
Primaries are responsible for starting the discussion.\'a0\
Secondaries then chime in with their opinion about the proposal\'a0(agreeing or disagreeing with the primary)\
These comments are to be \ul summarized and written up\ulnone  by the Primary.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Responsibilities for Everyone & Grading:\'a0
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b **************************************************
\f0\b0 \
\

\f1\b 1) Read all proposals. \'a0Spend NO MORE than 15 minutes per proposal
\f0\b0 \
The point is that in a real TAC situation you will need to read many (>70) proposals and won't have time to go through each in detail.\'a0\
\

\f1\b 2) Assign a grade to each proposal on a scale of 1-5 and email it to me by deadlines listed above.  \
Integers only.\
Reviewers should attempt to spread out their grades ***over the full range***.
\f0\b0 \
1 = best\'a0\
5 = worst\
\
HST Scale:\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Outstanding; project must be done (if technically feasible).\
{\listtext	2.	}Very Good; should be done (if technically feasible).\
{\listtext	3.	}Good; worth doing if time permits.\
{\listtext	4.	}Fair; lowest priority for implementation.\
{\listtext	5.	}Unsatisfactory; not recommended for implementation.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 During the TAC\
********************
\f3\b0 \
\
- We will examine the preliminary ranks of all the proposals. \
- Then we will hear from primaries and secondaries - -they will summarize the point of the proposal and the strengths/weaknesses. \
- We will discuss the merit of the proposals together\
- Everyone votes again.
\f0\fs20 \cf2 \
}